Clue #1 by A.E Parker Mini Stories (Based on the boardgame 'Cluedo'):

Suspects:
1) Mr Green
2) Colonel Mustard
3) Miss Scarlet
4) Professor Plum
5) Mrs White
6) Mrs Peacock

Rooms:
1) Study
2) Library
3) Billard Room
4) Conservatory
5) Hall
6) Ball Room
7) Lounge
8) Dining Room
9) Kitchen

Weapons:
1) Wrench
2) Candlestick
3) Revolver
4) Rope
5) Lead pipe
6) Dagger

Stories:

1. WHO KILLED PITTY-PAT?
BACKGROUND
Mr Boddy's beloved pet parrot Pitty-Pat was found dead in the conservatory, discovered by Mrs White. One of the six guests is the culprit. Find out who it is.

Mrs White: "The window was closed, My Boddy. I guess poor Pitty-Pat flew in to the window and ... and now he's, he's - dead!"

AT THE FUNERAL
Mrs. Peacock: "There, there. Pitty-Pat's just flown to the great birdcage in the sky."
Colonel Mustard: "Mr Boddy, a gentleman must always be  brave!"
Mr Green: "Well I guess the funeral's over"
Professor Plum: "Poor birdie"
Miss Scarlet: "Oh, now, don't pretend you liked Pitty-Pat. None of us did. Why, Mr Green, you once tried to strangle the bird."
Mr Green: "It pecked my ear! And what are you suggesting, anyway? If you're implying anything, I'll beat you to a pulp."
Colonel Mustard: "Threatening a woman? I challenge you to a duel!"
Mrs Peacock: "A duel? In a cemetery? Why that's rude!"
Colonel Mustard: "You're right. Sorry."
Professor Plum: "It's true what you say, Miss Scarlet. I wasn't fond of the little creature. It pooped on my book."
Colonel Mustard: "It stole my anchovies!"
Miss Scarlet: "It ate my red rouge. I never let anyone touch my makeup."
Mrs White: "It tried to nest in my feather duster."
Mrs Peacock: "And it called me a bad word."
Colonel Mustard: "Hmm. So none of us liked the bird. Then we all had a motive for murder. Look at the wound. Someone could have hit Pitty-Pat on the head with a blunt instrument. Then the killer could have placed the parrot beneath the closed window to make it look like an accident."
Mr Green: "Poppycock. Let's bury the thing."
Colonel Mustard: "I've made inquiries. I know that at the time of the 'accident', three of us had blunt weapons. Professor Plum had the Candlestick. You, Mr Green, had the Wrench. And Miss Scarlet had the Lead Pipe."
Mr Green: "Nonsense!"
Colonel Mustard: "However, only two of us were in the Conservatory at all today. And one of those two was not Miss Scarlet."
Miss Scarlet: "Thank you for clearing my name."
Colonel Mustard: "Well, there's one final clue. At the time of Pitty-Pat's unfortunate demise, I was in the Billard Room. I was playing snooker with Mr Green and Professor Plum."
Professor Plum: "You were? Oh, yes, quite right, so you were. It slipped my mind. Well, then, I think I know who killed the dirty birdy!"

ANSWER
Miss Scarlet in the Conservatory with the Lead Pipe.
Only three suspects had appropriate weapons - Professor Plum, Mr Green, and Miss Scarlet. Professor Plum and Mr Green were playing snooker at the time of the murder. That leaves only Miss Scarlet. While one of the two suspects in the Conservatory was not Miss Scarlet, the other one was!


2. WHO STOLE MISS SCARLET'S DIAMONDS?
BACKGROUND
Miss Scarlet has entrusted her diamonds to the safekeeping of Mr Boddy. Mr Boddy puts the diamonds into his personal safe in the study. However, her diamonds were stolen by one of the suspects and the flow of events are as follow:

Miss Scarlet: "I'll be in the Library when you're done."
--Mr Boddy locked the door of the Study, left the latchkey in the keyhole, just in case anyone tried to peep in. Then he bent over and peered into Mrs White's eyes. They were tightly shut--
--Colonel Mustard heard the locking of the Study door as he was passing by and pressed his ear to the door to listen--
--There was the secret door that led to the secret passageway to the Kitchen. The door was locked. But Professor Plum stood hidden behind it. He had overheard Mr Boddy's entire conversation with Miss Scarlet--
--Mr Green happened to press his face against the Study's window to take a look of what is going on--
--And, of course, Mrs White wasn't really asleep. As soon as Mr Boddy turned his back, she opened her eyes slightly to form narrow slits. She watched as her employer silently turned the dial of the safe--

INTO THE LATE NIGHT
A masked figure stood by a third-floor window. The figure clutched the gold Candlestick in a black-gloved hand. The Candlestick held a lit, white candle, guiding the thief through the mansion's many dark, narrow passageways, The masked gifure moved steathily down the carpeted stairs when...
Mr Green: "Four sheep... Five sheep... Six sheep... Why can't I sleep! Seven sheep!"
The masked figure ducked into the shadows in the nick of time. The figure continued quietly downward. Down to the first floor, into the Kitchen, and through the secret passageway into the Study. Using two gloved hands, the thief carefully moved the painting covering the safe. Knowing the combination by heart, the masked figure easily opened the safe's massive door and took the gleaming diamonds inside.

THE NEXT MORNING
Miss Scarlet: "My diamonds! They're gone! You're all suspects. All of you!"
Mrs Peacock: "Including you."
Miss Scarlet: "Me! Why would I steal my own diamonds?"
Mrs Peacock: "To collect one million dollars worth of insurance. This insurance form fell out of your overnight bag. I've been meaning to give it back to you all weekend."

SOLUTION
Mrs White in the Study with the Candlestick.
Only two suspects could have seen Mr Boddy open the safe and memorised the combination: Mrs White and Mr Green. We can eliminate Mr Green as a suspect as he was busy counting sheep on the stairway. That leaves Mrs White, who was the masked figure with the Candlestick.


3. WHERE IS THE BOMB?
BACKGROUND
It's Mr Green's birthday, the other guests are throwing a party in the Dining Room and have all prepared a gift for Mr Green with the exception of Professor Plum who happened to prepare two gifts for the birthday guy. The crazy thing is that one of the gifts was a time bomb, and absent-minded Professor Plum has forgotten where he left the gift! If you are not able to deduce the room which Professor Plum left the bomb in time, everyone in the mansion dies!

Colonel Mustard: "Ah Professor - we've all given Mr Green our gifts. Maybe now would be a good time for you to give him your present."
Professor Plum: "My present? Mmm, now where did I leave it?"
Mr Green: "Oh great! First you forget my party, then you forget my present. What's next?"
Professor Plum: "I forget. Uh-oh. I just remembered something else. I got you two presents. And the second present is a time bomb that's going to go off in about... Oh I'd say ninety seconds."
Colonel Mustard: "A time bomb?!? Why would anyone do anything so stupid?:
Professor Plum: "I thought it would liven up the party. Believe me, I didn't plan on things working out this way, I was going to turn the thing off right after you opened it!"
Mrs Peacock: "What room did you leave the bomb in?"
Professor Plum: "I don't know. All I know is that I came in here empty-handed. I remember wrapping the gift in the Billard Room... went for a stroll while thinking about my latest research project through the Conservatory and then to the Lounge. Then I went to the Library, then to the Hall, then to the Ball Room, and finally to the party in the Dining Room."
Mrs White: "I've searched the Ball Room and there is nothing there!"
Professor Plum: "Wait! I remember having the gift in the Library!"
Colonel Mustard: "I've already searched the Library. It's not there!"

SOLUTION
The Hall.
Professor Plum wrapped the gift in the Billard Room. Then then walked to the Conservatory, the Lounge, the Library, the Hall, the Ball Room, and the Dining Room. Plum remembered still having the gift with him in the Library. So we can rule out the rooms he was in before the Library: the Billard Room, the Conservatory, and the Lounge. Mrs White and Colonel Mustard checked the Ball Room and Library. And Professor Plum came into the Dining Room empty-handed. That leaves only the Hall.


4. THE GHOST OF MRS BODDY
BACKGROUND
My Boddy had gathered all of the guests in the Dining Room for a ritual to summon his late wife. The ritual required everyone to hold hands together in order to communicate with Mrs Boddy. Mrs Boddy would answer by making a rapping sound under the table. One rap for yes. two raps for no. At the end, Mr Boddy was pleased to have spoken to his late wife and finally found peace through the process.. or was it just a hoax? Find out which of the suspects was the fake ghost. (Hint: It has to be someone whose hands are free to use their weapons to making the rapping sound!).

The guests were all carrying their weapons throughout the ritual.

Professor Plum: "I had the Knife with me as I had forgotten to leave it in my room before coming down. I was holding on to Mrs White's and Miss Scarlet's hands until I let go of the latter's for a brief moment to scratch my foot."
Mr Green: "I had the Lead Pipe with me. I was holding on to Colonel Mustard's hand and that fellow kept complaining that I was holding onto it so tightly that he challenged me to a duel. Pmft! Oh, and I was holding Mr Boddy's hand too."
Colonel Mustard: "Yeah, I had the Wrench. Stupid Mr Green and his grip!"
Mrs Peacock: "I brought along the Rope just in case we needed it. And I was holding onto Colonel Mustard's hand. Such a big hand he has."
Miss Scarlet: "Don't ask me why I had the Revolver. I am just cautious like that. But I felt safe having Mr Boddy beside me and holding my hand."
Mrs White: "I brought the Candlestick as I was afraid the Dining Room's lights will blow again. Professor Plum has really sweaty palms!"

SOLUTION
Mrs White.
Only Mrs White and Mrs Peacock kept a hand under the table. But Mrs Peacock had the rope. She couldn't have used the rope to make the crisp rapping noises the group heard.


5. HIDE AND SEEK
BACKGROUND
The guests are playing a game of Hide-And-Seek in the mansion. The Kitchen was their home base and no one was allowed to hide in there, leaving all other rooms as possible hiding spots. In the midst of their game, a fire broke out and the guests scrambled about to flee the mansion quickly. Mrs White was nowhere to be found and the guests only have time to go to ONE of the rooms to find her. They started telling one another the rooms they've checked before leaving the mansion. Which room is Mrs White in?

Mr Green: "I checked the Library. I didn't see Mrs White in there!"
Miss Scarlet: "I checked the Billard Room and the Conservatory. Neither was she in those two rooms."
Mrs Peacock: "I checked the Hall and the Lounge. She's nowhere to be seen there!"
Professor Plum: "Uh, I checked either the Dining Room, the Study. or the Conservatory. I can't remember which."
Colonel Mustard: "Seriously Plum! As I was dashing out, I managed to check the Dining Room and she wasn't in there."

As luck would have it, no two rooms were checked twice.

SOLUTION
Mrs White is in the Ball Room. By process of elimination, Professor Plum checked the Study as no two rooms were checked twice. The Kitchen was home base which left the Ball Room unchecked.


6. WHO STARTED THE FIRE?
BACKGROUND
Mr Boddy's mansion was on fire again. One of the three guests, Professor Plum, Miss Scarlet and Mrs Peacock, is the culprit. To solve this mystery, you'll need to determine which statements are true and which statements are false. Mark all of the statements T for True or F for False. The culprit will be the only person who said three lies (i.e three F out of the five statements).

Here are the statements:
#1 "I put the candle out before I went to sleep," said Professor Plum.
#2 "The fire was out before I went to be bed," said Miss Scarlett.
#3 "I turned the stove off before the fire started," said Mrs White.
#4 "Mrs White, your statement is a lie," Professor Plum accused.
#5 "No, Professor, your first statement is a lie," said Miss Scarlett.

SOLUTION
Miss Scarlet.
If Professor Plum or Mrs White started the fire, there would be only two lies among the five statements. If it's Miss Scarlett, her alibi is a lie. So is the statement that Mrs White is a liar. And so is the statement that Professor Plum is a liar. There is then a total of three lies.


7. WHERE ARE THE ROLLS OF FILM?
BACKGROUND
Professor Plum has been spying on Mr Boddy. Mr Boddy was a consultant for a local gumdrop company. These documents detailed Boddy's discovery: a way to make gumdrops that lasted in your mouth for hours! A rival gumdrop company had hired Plum to find out the secret. Professor Plum broke into the Mr Boddy's bedroom drawer and photographed his secret documents. He snapped a whole roll of film. He quickly removed the roll from the camera and slipped it into the right pocket of his purple cardigan sweater. He then went back to the Library to join the rest of the guests.

SEQUENCE OF EVENTS
Mr Green was performing magic tricks to entertain everyone. He leaned over and pulled an egg from behind Professor Plum's ear. Everyone laughed and applauded. Professor Plum was feeling uncomfortable but Mr Green continued to pat him up and down, searching for a chicken. And now he was patting the right pocket of Plum's purple cardigan. Mr Green felt the roll of film. The roll of spy film. Mr Green pulled a chicken out of Professor Plum's right pocket to mask the fact that he had stole the roll of film from Professor Plum.
Colonel Mustard clapped Mr Green on the back, to commend him of his magic trick. However, he wasn't just patting Mr Green to be nice. He had seen Mr Green steal the Professor's roll of film and had figured out it must be valuable. So now, he slipped his hand into Mr Green's pocket and stole one of the two rolls (One was the secret roll which Plum stole and the other was Mr Green's magic tricks prop). He added the roll to his own roll of personal film already in his pocket.
Professor Plum went up to Colonel Mustard to offer a lighter for his cigarette. At the same time, he slapped the Colonel's pockets and secretly took both rools of film from it.
But Colonel Mustard wasn't the only one who had seen Mr Green steal the film. So had Mrs White. She removed the other roll of film from Mr Green's pocket while she leaned over him to clear his plate of food.

Given that Professor Plum's original roll of film has now changed hands exactly twice. Does Professor Plum have his own roll of secret film back? And if he doesn't, who does?

SOLUTION
Mrs White.
If Professor Plum has his own roll of film back, it would mean that the film had changed hands three times. First to Mr Green, then to the Colonel, then back to Professor Plum. If Mrs White has the film, it's changed hands only twice. First to Mr Green, then to Mrs White.


8. THE SLEEPWALKING KILLER
BACKGROUND
It was three in the morning. The sleepwalker was one of Mr Boddy's weekend guests. In the Kitchen, the sleepwalker stumbled to the fridge. The sleepwalker took out a package of blue cheese and sniffed it.
"Gross... gross..."
Then the sleepwalker took a bite of Mrs White's peach pie.
"Yum... yum..."
And smeared some blueberry jam on a piece of cold toast.
"Tasty... tasty..."
And washed it down with a swig of chocolate milk.
"Ahhhhh..."
Still sleeping soundly, the sleepwalker took the wrong door out and was now in the secret passageway. The passageway led to the Study. Siting on the mantel over the fireplace was the Revolver. The sleepwalker picked up the Revolver and marched out of the Study and into the Hall. Out of the Hall and into the Lounge. Through the secret passageway and into the Conservatory. And then into the Ball Room. Where poor Miss Scarlet had fallen asleep on the red sofa.
*Bang!*
Goes the sound of the revolver.

MINUTES LATER
The sound of the Revolver woke up only one guest: Mr Green. Mr Green had a loud voice. He bellowed so loudly that he woke up the others in no time at all. The guests went around the whole house and their faces reddened with horror when they found Miss Scarlet lying in a pool of red blood on the red sofa. It seemed that everyone except Mr Boddy had raided the fridge that night.
Only Mr Green, Mrs White, Professor Plum, and Mrs Peacock had peach pie crumbs on their pyjamas and nightgowns.
And only the palms of Colonel Mustard, Mrs Peacock, and Mrs White were sticky with blueberry jam.
And only Mr Green, Professor Plum, and Mrs White had chocolate mustaches.

Who was the sleepwalking killer?

SOLUTION
Mrs White.
The culprit must have all three clues. A lack of peach pie crumbs rules out Colonel Mustard. A lack of blueberry jam rules our everybody except Mrs Peacock and Mrs White. But Mrs Peacock doesn't have a chocolate mustache.


9. THE PLANNED MURDER
BACKGROUND
Five other guests had come up with a ploy to exterminate Mrs Peacock due to her blamishing column in the daily papers about the rest of the guests. They are gatherd in Mr Green's room one night in an attempt to carry out the murder. All of them had masks on and there are five weapons on the table: a Knife, a Wrench, a Revolver, a Lead Pipe, and a Candlestick. Follow the conversation and determine who had which weapon.

Mr Green: "All right, let's get started. Mrs White, you take the Revolver."
Mrs White: "Oh, but I don't know how to use it."
Mr Green: "Fine, I'll give you another one."
--All weapons were handed out--
--The five guests crept into Mrs Peacock's room, but the door suddenly opened and all five attackers fell screaming into the dark room. They crashed against the wall. Then the door closed and locked--
Mrs Peacock: "Good evening, how nice of you all to drop in."
--One of the masked figures was back on his feet. He was waving a Lead Pipe--
Attacker with Candlestick: "That's the trick, Mr Green! Get her!"
--Two attackers rushed at Mrs Peacock from either side. Mrs Peacock ducked. The attackers crashed into each other and fell to the floor--
Attacker #1: "Where did she go?"
Attacker #2: "I don't see her, Miss Scarlet..."
Attacker #3: "Where's the light switch, anyway?"
These three attackers were holding the Wrench, the Revolver, and the Candlestick.
--Two more attackers charged forward at the same time at Mrs Peacock, but she knew one of them was Colonel Mustard, so he must be carrying either the Knife, or the Candlestick--
--In the darkness, the attackers all crashed into one another head-first and fell in a perfect circle, out cold--
--Mrs Peacock crawled out from hiding and flicked on the lights--
--She bent over the first attacker. The unconscious figure was clutching the Knife. She pulled up the mask--
Mrs Peacock: "Professor Plum. Tsk, tsk. What a bad boy you are!"

Who was holding what weapon?

SOLUTION
Professor Plum - Knife
Mr Green - Lead Pipe
Colonel Mustard - Candlestick
Miss Scarlet - Revolver
Mrs White - Wrench


10. THE UNFORTUNATE MUSIC PARTY
BACKGROUND
Mr Boddy had organised an afternoon concert with the rest of the guests. After the concert, Mr Boddy's million dollars violin, the Stradivarius was stolen by a mysterious old woman who was on the Second Violin. He did not invite the old woman at all and he noticed something amiss after thinking back about the concert. One of the regular guests was missing from the concert but he couldn't figure out who it was. Just as he was about to demystify the identity of the old woman, he found his invitation list for the day's party.

NOTE ON WHOM I SHOULD INVITE TO MY MUSIC PARTY:
First Violin - Me.
Second Violin - Whom should I invite?
First Viola - Any of the three women.
Second Viola - Any of the three women.
First Cello - Any of the three women.
Second Cello - Miss Scarlet or Professor Plum.
Piano - Not Professor Plum or Colonel Mustard.

Meanwhile, the other guests had cornered the old woman by the badminton net.
Mr Green: "Give us back Mr Boddy's fiddle, you old crone!"

Who was the old woman?

SOLUTION
Colonel Mustard.
The possible guests listed for the first viola and second viola and first cello are all women. That means that the secone cello player can't be a woman as well. Why? Because there are only three women on the list of six possible suspects. So it must be Professor Plum.
The piano player is not Professor Plum or Colonel Mustard. It can't be a woman. So it must be Mr Green.
That means that Colonel Mustard is the only missing guest.


11. APRIL FOOLS
BACKGROUND
It was April Fools' Day, and Mr Boddy had invited his regular six guests over to spend the weekend. As usual, weird things are bound to happen when these people are gathered together in one place. Follow the conversations to see the various gags the guests are up to.

Mr Boddy: "This is the dessert I have prepared for you this evening... baked Alaska! Now where is it?"
Mr Green: "You don't mean that silver dish, do you?"
Mr Boddy: "Yes! This is our baked Alaska dessert, Mrs White must have brought it out when I wasn't looking. If I could have everyone's attention. Drumroll please..."
--Mr Green drummed on the table with his hands. Then Mr Boddy pulled off the lid with a flourish. Revealing... Mrs White's head! The head sat on a bed of lettuce. The mouth was wide open, and stuffed with an apple--
--Mr Boddy gasped. Colonel Mustard choked. Professor Plum screamed. Miss Scarlet fainted into Professor Plum's arms. So did Mrs Peacock. The two banged into each other and fell to the floor--
--Mr Green laughed. He reached over and plucked out the apple--
Mr Green & Mrs White: "April Fools!"
--Then, the lights went off. There were screams, and when the lights came back on, Miss Scarlet and Mrs Peacock both fainted again. Professor Plum lay slumped in his chair. He had a knife stuck in his head. He was dead--
--Then he sat straight again--
Professor Plum: "April Fools!"
Mr Boddy: "Oh my, you people are just too good at this. Wow!"
Colonel Mustard: "Don't forget, you eat the dessert with the little spoon."
Miss Scarlet: "The large spoon, you big brute!"
Colonel Mustard: "The little spoon!"
Miss Scarlet: "The big spoon!"
--Soon, they were shouting at each other at the top of their lungs. Then, Miss Scarlet slapped Colonel Mustard with all her might. The Colonel looked stunned. Then he grabbed the Lead Pipe and chased Miss Scarlet around the table in a circle. Miss Scarlet slipped and slid into a corner. Colonel Mustard stood over her with the pipe. His arm came up. It went down fast. There was a dull, horrible thud. Miss Scarlet lay dead at the Colonel's feet. Around her limp body, a pool of dark red blood was slowly spreading--
--Everyone stood in their spot, frozen--
Mr Green: "You're under arrest, Colonel Mustard!"
Colonel Mustard: "What? You dare to touch me? I challenge you to a duel!"
--Colonel Mustard armed with the Lead Pipe, started fighting with Mr Green, who was armed with the Candlestick. Everyone around begged the two men to stop. Colonel Mustard swung the Lead Pipe again and again. Mr Green held the Candlestick with two hands, blocking the blows. Then Colonel Mustard swung one more time, and as he went flying by, Mr Green clonked him on the head with the Candlestick. Colonel Mustard dropped to the floor, motionless--
--Mrs Peacock ran to Colonel Mustard's side. She knelt down and lifted his wrist. She felt for his pulse. When she looked up, she had tears in her eyes--
Mrs Peacock: "He's dead"
--The other guests were shocked at the sight before them--
Colonel Mustard, Mr Green, Mrs Peacock & Miss Scarlet: "Surprise! Happy April Fools!"
--Professor Plum pulled our a Revolver and pointed it to Miss Scarlet--
Professor Plum: "That was some joke. Why would you want to make saps out of us? Don't you know I've killed people for less?"
--Miss Scarlet began to shake--
Professor Plum: "Scared you, didn't I, Miss Scarlet? Now you know what it feels like. April Fools!"
--BANG! The Revolver went off accidentally. Miss Scarlet crumpled to the floor. Around her limp body, a pool of dark red blood was slowly spreading--
--Mr Boddy ran to Miss Scarlet and carried her in his arms. He put his ear right up to Miss Scarlet's red lips, in an attempt to hear her dying words"
Miss Scarlet: "April Fools!"
--Professor Plum and Miss Scarlet were chortling happily--
--Just then, a scream was heard from the Ball Room--
--Mrs White stood frozen in fright--
--Across the room layed Mrs Peacock's motionless body. Her limbs lay at lifeless angles, blood covered her face and clotted her hair. And next to her was the Wrench--
Miss Scarlet: "This is what comes from too much April Fooling. Someone went overboard here"

Except for the real victim and the real killer, each guest was involved in two gags. Who killed Mrs Peacock?

SOLUTION
Mrs White.
Gags:
Mr Green helping Mrs White put her head on the tray. Green 1, White 1
Professor Plum putting the Knife in his head. Plum 1
Colonel Mustard and Miss Scarlet faking her murder. Mustard 1, Scarlett 1
Mr Green and Colonel Mustard faking a duel to the death, with Mrs Peacock's help. Green 2, Mustard 2, Peacock 1
Professor Plum and Miss Scarlet staging a fake shooting. Plum 2 Scarlett 2
Only Mrs Peacock and Mrs White performed one gag before the final incident occured.


12. WHO KILLED MR BODDY?
BACKGROUND
Mr Boddy had just told his six favourite guests that he has left a will for all of them. As there is no living heir to the Boddy fortune worth millions of dollars, after Mr Boddy dies, the money will be divided evenly among the six guests. However, to the guests dismay, Mr Boddy exclaimed that he does not have any intent of dying so soon and plans to live a long long life. The next morning, Mr Boddy was found dead in the Library. Follow the series of conversation to determine who is the murderer.

Mrs White: "This is so horrible, one of you is a murderer!"
Mr Green: "I see, and you're innocent?"
Miss Scarlet: "We all loved him, but we all love money too."
Professor Plum: "It's true. Any one of us could have done it. We all have the same motive."
Mrs Peacock: "Were you in the Library last night, Professor?"
Professor Plum: "Yes. But only to borrow a book on butterfly collecting. Mr Boddy was alive and well at the time. I might add, I was there before you, Mrs Peacock."
Mrs Peacock: "Well! Mr Green was in the Library after me."
Mrs White: "And Professor Plum was in the Library after me."
Miss Scarlet: "I was in the Library before Mrs White."
Colonel Mustard: "I was in the Library before Mr Green."

Who killed Mr Boddy?

SOLUTION
Mr Green.
Miss Scarlet, Mrs White, and Professor Plum all came before Mrs Peacock. And Mrs Peacock and Colonel Mustard both came before Mr Green. Mr Green was last and committed the dastardly deed.
